Details

Please note: given the format of this text, you can jump in anywhere along the way and not be lost – it’s just the way they wrote the book! So do join us even if you haven’t been to any of the previous meetings or read the book prior to tonight’s meeting.

The link will be provided to all registered attendees. Also, a Comment will be added below, at least 15 minutes prior to the meeting start-time, with the necessary Zoom info. Please make sure that you check the comments prior to the event, or register in advance so that you receive the Zoom invitation via your event email reminder. Thank you!

What to Expect
We are meeting every other Monday at 6:30pm (AZ/PT Time Zone) to work through the book Ask and It Is Given, by Esther and Jerry Hicks. (Please check the time of the meeting for your area as it may change every 6 months. Our hosts are in AZ and WA, and 6:30pm Arizona Time is the same as Pacific Time after spring, but Mountain Time after fall – we don’t use daylight savings here in sunny AZ – so please be sure to check the time for your area if you are not local. The time listed here on Meetup should be accurate.) 😉 ALSO, you do not need a copy of the book to join us – we will be sharing our digital version on-screen as we read along together.

Each evening, after our brief opening meditation, we will read one chapter from the beginning of the book to be followed by a Process chapter (e.g.: Chapter 1 and Process 1, Chapter 22 and Process 22, etc.). We follow up each chapter with a discussion and any tips we can share about how to perform the vibration-raising exercises. If you would like to volunteer to lead the opening meditation, please contact one of the organizers.

Tonight
For this evening, Sonya, Andy Christina and Elena, will be your hosts, and we will be reviewing Processes 19-22 -Panel Discussion. If you have any questions about these Processes, please bring them with you!

Let's play together to deepen our spiritual practices and understanding of the Law of Attraction! Please feel welcome to bring your questions, your high vibes, and your good intentions. Join us for a discovery of the magic in deliberately raising your vibration. All levels of understanding and experience are welcome!