Details

You might have heard that one of our startups, Natreon got its first investment here and is now valued at $184 million. Ocrolus just raised $60 million. That could be you!

Investors are now looking for more deals.

Join us as our Angel VCs examine deals and help you shape your future.

More Investors - more feedback - same prizes!

Free to attend - **to Pitch sign up at bit.ly/blooza**

Open to all Entrepreneurs. Now with a great line-up of our most active Angel VCs:

Join us for a chance to get funded. Previous winners like Alyce raised $5.4 million beginning with a $500,000 through us. SeedCX received funding offers from 2 of the judges and $1.25 million toward their first round. Nomi Beauty got $1 million. A new delivery service just raised $400K. Pretty Simple and HigherMe together received over $300,000. So far, 3 of our presenting companies have been funded and 2 are under consideration. EventCombo in NY picked up $350K.

Pitch to our group of Investor judges at this Business Plan open pitching event that exposes you to Investors in 5 cities in the northeast.

The Pitching event runs from 6:00 - 7:30 pm

Agenda:

[3:30 - 5:30 Workshop - when offered: Test your pitch to hook Investors]

6:00 - 7:30 pm Startup Pitching

About Boston Startupalooza™: This long-running series of events has grown in the greater Boston area and is drawing a new generation of exciting deals.

Network with the Investors, look and learn, find out what's new in the Start-Up market, and what VC's are really looking for!

Startupalooza™ is a unique pitching contest where all start ups are ranked by our Investors. The winner gets up to $4500 in prizes which includes a ticket to the bimonthly major Investment event, Private Equity Forum.

Our Current & Previous Group of Investors Include:

• Ben Jen, Ben Jen Ventures

• Igor Belagorudsky, Angel Investors

• Ben Littauer, Boston Harbor Angels/Walnut Ventures

• Riley Rodgers, Valia Investments

• Ash Egan, Converge Venture Partners

• Harry Scott, Angel Investor

• Jim Johnson, Standish Group

Josh Bruno, Bain Capital Ventures

Gregg Young, NY Angels

Michael Chou, Harmony Venture Partners

Esther Dyson, EDventures

David Beatty, Goldenseeds

Ryan Armbrust, ff Ventures

Kamran Ansari, Greycroft Partners

Bill Reinisch, Paladin Ventures

Bruce Bachenheimer, Pace Entrepreneurship Lab

Sachin Jade, Klifer Capital