Details

Network virtually with those located in the DMV (District of Columbia, Virginia & Maryland) and internationally!

This monthly Monday meeting is hosted by Maryland Blockchain Association, Blockchain Legal Institute, and Blockchain Legal Institute Foundation.

The Maryland Blockchain Association is the Maryland Chapter Lead for CryptoMondays. The MDBA's monthly virtual networking event is hosted monthly on the 1st Monday of each month. If you are interested in establishing a meetup in alliance with the MDBA and CryptoMondays please reach out.

The Maryland Blockchain Association is a trade association dedicated to representing the innovative tech community within Maryland to provide education, economic development and outreach to those within our local community.

CryptoMondays is a decentralized global community that brings together individuals passionate about cryptocurrency and blockchain technology.

The Blockchain Legal Institute is a centralized library of decentralized resources & the only Institute specifically dedicated to help provide continuing education to lawyers, compliance officers, business professionals and those learning about digital assets.

The Blockchain Legal Institute Foundation is a non profit dedicated to developing digital asset educational resources for consumers and families.

Learn about the latest trends in digital currency and blockchain technology, and gain insights into the world of crypto-tokens, Bitcoin, Ethereum as well as updates involving the regulations impacting consumers and businesses within our world of blockchain, IoT, RWA, artificial intelligence, and innovative technology. Expert speakers will cover blockchain security, cryptography, and other relevant topics in the fast-evolving cryptocurrency market.

Whether you are a seasoned investor or new to the world of virtual currency, these virtual events are the perfect opportunity to network locally and internationally with like-minded individuals and expand your knowledge in the realm of enterprise blockchain technology.

Don't miss out on this chance to stay ahead of the curve and explore the exciting opportunities that cryptocurrency and blockchain technology have to offer.

www.bli.tools
www.marylandblockchainassociation.org
www.bli.foundation
cryptomondays.io

Mark Your Calendars for the 1st Monday of every Month! This event is hosted on a private zoom link to be shared after registration.

Speakers: Jacqueline Cooper, JD & Other Special Guests

Be sure to mark your calendar as we have speakers from around the globe to attend our Meet-Ups. Speakers will include those with knowledge about artificial intelligence, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Tokens, Blockchain use cases, compliance, business development, DeFi, estate planning, finance, accounting, and so many other relevant topics.

Jacqueline Cooper, JD, NBCT, MA LDT, CCI, BMM: CEO: Blockchain Legal Institute, Founder: Maryland Blockchain Association, Partner of Cogent Law Group, Government Blockchain Association: Co-Chair Legal Working Group & GBA Talk Show Host, Global Blockchain Business Council, Media Ambassador, Author: Bitcoin Cinderella Blockchain Adventure series, Author: The Essential Digital Asset Organizer for Attorneys & Their Clients, Author: How to Use Digital Assets To Fundraise For Your Non Profit

Maryland Blockchain Association: Observing Member of the Global Blockchain Business Council & Maryland Chapter Lead for CryptoMondays