Details

RSVPs open on Wednesday, September 10th at 8:00pm. Space is set aside for new members, first and 2nd timers timers who land on the waiting list, along with my real estate clients. Email me at hankorenstein@gmail.com for a spot once you see that you are on the waiting list.

This tour is free with an optional donation to your guide at the end via cash, venmo or zelle.

This tour entails 4-5 miles of walking, level terrain. We'll have at least one break for restrooms. Bring sun protection, water to drink, lunch or snacks if you like (we can have a sit-down break in a local park).

OVERVIEW
Bushwick, one of the world's "street art capitals" and an incubator of creative entrepreneurship, was one of the original six towns of Brooklyn, comes from the Dutch word“boswijck,” meaning “town in the woods.” Chartered by Director General of New Netherland Peter Stuyvesant in 1661, Bushwick was settled in the nineteenth century by tobacco and grain farmers from France, Scandinavia, England, and Holland. In the mid 1800′s a majority of the immigrants in Bushwick were German, so by 1890, Bushwick established a brewery industry, including 14 breweries operating in a 14 block area called “Brewer’s Row” and Bushwick was dubbed the beer capital of the Northeast.

We'll be sure to check out the latest mural art by the Bushwick Collective, a curated extragravanza of works by local and international artists. if time permits we may also pop in to some artist's studios.
After the tour there are also plenty of options for lunch or brunch and to check out other artist's studios as this is Bushwick's Open Studios Weekend.

Itinenary:
Optional coffee, bite to eat and restrooms from 10am to 11am at the Ange Noir Cafe. Tour begins at 11am so do take care of business before hand and be sure to check your transportation route and allow 10 minutes walk from the L train subway at Morgan to the Ange Noir cafe - our meeting place.

The Ange Noir Cafe where we start our tour is a perfect place to go for breakfast, coffee, snacks and to use the restroom. There is both indoor and outdoor seating. The owner Vanessa has welcomed our group for many years. Make sure you arrive by 10:15am if you plan to purchase food or drink. We will aim to begin our walk at 11:00 am.
https://angenoircafe.com/brooklyn-bushwick-ange-noir-cafe-food-menu
http://www.angenoircafe.com/

This tour will indulge in the neighborhood's history along with the street art and the current lifestyle with its numerous restaurants, bars and unique social and cultural venues.

Tour ending location: 1717 Troutman Street (actually in Ridgewood, Queens), convenient to the Jefferson Street station of the L train.
This is a large warehouse building that was originallty a textile factory with dozens of artist studios and we will end here so you can take your time to experience the variety of art. Restrooms are available.

Cheers!

Hank Orenstein
Licensed NYC Sightseeing Guide
hankorenstein@gmail.com
646-596-3005