Synopsis
Most organizations recognize that substantial technological change is necessary to survive in the digital age and yet most digital transformation projects fail. This session describes the most common contributors to failure and provides an assessment tool (developed for the University of Waterloo Watspeed Digital Transformation Certificate Program) that can be used to assess your project vulnerability and plan your response to it.

Biography
Peter Carr works on the radical impact of information technology on organisations and society and our response to it. He is the author and instructor of the University of Waterloo’s Watspeed certificate program in Digital Transformation which is delivered online, globally. He is also the author of the book, The Engineer’s Guide to Digital Transformation (2025), which is available from Engineering.com. Peter is an Associate Professor in the Department of Management Science and Engineering, in the Faculty of Engineering at the University of Waterloo.

Welcome to Project Managers United Toastmasters!

Project Managers United Toastmasters (PMUT) offers a unique blend of Project Management and Toastmasters, designed to help individuals interested in project management improve their communication and leadership skills. Guests are always welcome to join and experience our meetings, whether you're new to project management, seeking to enhance your skills, or looking to expand your network.

Our meetings are structured to offer maximum value to both paid members and guest attendees:
· One hour is dedicated to a traditional Toastmasters meeting.
· The other hour is typically reserved for our featured PM Forum Speaker, who may present either in the first or second half of the meeting, depending on their availability and preference.

Meeting Format:

Join the call at 5:55 PM EST (Toronto, Ontario, Canada).
The meeting starts promptly at 6:00 PM EST and concludes at 8:00 PM EST.

Optional: After most meetings, several members stay online for a few minutes to answer questions about becoming a paid member of Project Managers United Toastmasters. We talk about Toastmasters' Educational Pathways and share our personal experiences with the club. It’s a fantastic opportunity to network informally and get your questions answered. Come experience the PMUT difference!

Paid Members receive quarterly consolidated PDU Claim receipts, which simplify tracking your attendance and roles for submission to PMI. Each two-hour meeting is worth two professional development units.

Note: There is no fee for guests to attend our meetings.

RSVP on Meetup to secure your virtual seat and access the Zoom link!