Please note: This event now occurs at 6pm CT. Please mark your calendars accordingly. Also, you MUST register to receive the password via email, so please check your Meetup and email settings to ensure that you receive notifications from Meetup. Thank you.

Our goal is to connect the dots of Neuroscience, Law, Psychology, and Spirituality and turn those insights into personal, practical actions, which will ultimately impact our world and those in it. As a community, we will gather to learn and discuss the latest research on various aspects of each of our main topics and encourage each other to take steps in implementing any techniques or tools that we may pick up along the way. We are eager to deliberate on questions arising from the discovery of the neurobiological complexity that lies between the world outside and the subjective experience we are (each) having at any given moment.

What to Expect
We’ll watch videos (usually from YouTube or Gaia) or read articles on the latest research together, consider “big questions” and any viable actions, listen to each other, and respectfully discuss and/or debate our thoughts. We’ll work together to gain a clearer understanding of these latest findings in Neuroscience and what those mean for our lives. We’ll courageously speak about what we believe and humbly ask ourselves if those beliefs still hold up. And we’ll keep on asking. Occasionally, we may also practice various exercises designed to enhance our own neuroplasticity as a group, or at least suggest additional resources.

The synergistic effect of open and honest communication between individuals with different backgrounds and interests has proven itself invaluable for creating unique and "outside the box" tools and solutions. But please note, we are not neuroscience professionals - just hungry learners. If you are a professional or an academic and wish to join us in this endeavor, you are most welcome.

What Else?
We will meet for an hour and a half every 3rd Wednesday of each month. Please register in advance, and you will receive an email with the Zoom password for the evening. NOTE: the password will change every time. ONLY registered attendees will be admitted.

Always check the Comments section to get the latest updates (and links!) on the activities for the evening as well as any details you may have missed from the last meeting. Also, you will want to check the Photos section for any graphics or worksheets that may be available for you to print for use during our time together or after (not all meetings will have accompanying worksheets). We welcome suggestions for future topics, so please reach out to your organizer with your desires or questions.

These meetings are sponsored by Your Vibration Coach. If you need further assistance with these teachings, we are available and at your service. Be welcome!