Please note: given the format of this text, you can jump in anywhere along the way and not be lost – it’s just the way they wrote the book! So do join us even if you haven’t been to any of the previous meetings or read the book prior to tonight’s meeting. ALSO, you do not need a copy of the book to join us – we will be sharing our digital version on-screen as we read along together.

Greetings, Conscious Creators!
Thanks for joining us. I, Sonya, a long-time student and fan of Abraham, a practitioner of their teachings/Processes, and a Vibration Coach, will be your host for this event. Awesome Andy will be giving us a hand as co-host. Give it up for Andy, everyone! 😊 On behalf of us both, welcome. This is our Money, and the Law of Attraction Book Club! (We are not selling anything here, nor is this a platform for others to do so. Thank you for respecting that.)

You may be asking, "What does this have to do with Neuroscience, Psychology or Spirituality???" Well, the Law of Attraction intersects with neuroscience, psychology, and spirituality by emphasizing the power of our thoughts and beliefs in shaping reality. Neuroscience supports this with findings on brain plasticity and the reward system, psychology provides evidence through concepts like cognitive restructuring and self-fulfilling prophecies, and spirituality integrates these ideas into broader practices of manifestation and universal energy alignment.

The goal of this book club is to gather virtually and read the text together (typically 10-12 pages at a time), and discuss the reading and any questions that arise as we work through the Processes and read through the book every other week at 5:30pm Arizona Time/7:30pm CST. (Please check the time of the meeting for your area as it may change every 6 months. The host is in AZ, and 5:30pm Arizona Time is the same as Pacific Time after spring, but Mountain Time after fall – we don’t use daylight savings here in sunny AZ). Please be sure to check the time for your area if you are not local. The time listed here on Meetup will be accurate for your Meetup-registered area.

We will begin each session with an EFT (Emotional Freedom Technique) or other Meditation to be followed by the Reading and any Insights, Tips or Techniques we can share and maybe practice together. We will end each evening with our Manifestation Game, where we activate three innocuous, unrelated objects and sit back and watch LOA bring them to us. (Feel free to share your results in the Photos or Comments sections below.) We usually cap the evening with a discussion about our most recent manifestations, too.

Always check the Comments section to get the latest updates on the activities for the evening as well as any details you may have missed from the last meeting, and check the Photos section for any worksheets you may want to print for use during our time together or after (not all readings will have accompanying worksheets).

The passcode for each meeting will be emailed through Meetup at least 15 minutes before the event. Please register early to ensure you receive the email with login instructions and password. Only registered members will receive the link and password, so please do remember to sign up, and check your Meetup and email settings to ensure you receive notifications.

Again, I bid you welcome, friends! Thanks for co-creating with us. And of course, come ready to PLAY!