Only LIMITED seats! Add yourself to the Waitlist and Venmo @i8NYC $264/pp to be moved over to 'Going'. Feel free to bring +1 guest. Tickets will go to the quick and committed! NO REFUNDS!!!

Note: JBF Dinners have recently been sold out before posting menus so that's your heads up!

We are heading to JBF Platform! Love Rick Bayless! Save on the flights to/from Chicago & Asheville, NC! ✈️. Commemorate Climate Week NYC with an unforgettable dinner crafted by culinary changemakers and chefs Rick Bayless and Ashleigh Shanti. In collaboration with The Chefs’ Manifesto—a chef-led global network of over 1,700 chefs driving food system change—Bayless and Shanti will present a thoughtful menu featuring seasonal, responsibly sourced ingredients that celebrate culture and community.

Rick Bayless is a James Beard Award–winning chef known internationally for shining a light on regional Mexican cuisine and for his tireless advocacy of small-scale farming and climate-smart practices. Through his multiple award-winning and Michelin-starred Frontera restaurants and the Frontera Farmer Foundation, Bayless has helped shape a more equitable and resilient food system, awarding over $3.5 million in grants to independent Midwest farms.

Joining him is Ashleigh Shanti, a James Beard Award–nominated, Asheville-based chef who draws inspiration from her Appalachian and coastal Virginia roots. Shanti is also the author of the James Beard Award–winning cookbook, Our South: Black Food Through My Lens, a former Top Chefcontestant, and fierce advocate for Black foodways and environmental justice. Her current project, Good Hot Fish, is a sustainable seafood concept grounded in the legacy of the Black Southside of Asheville, an area increasingly shaped by climate disruption.

Support for this event is generously provided by Andrew and Sara Levine through a gift to the JBF Chef Performance Fund.

ONE MICHELIN STAR ⭐️ (TOPOLOBAMPO)

Cost: $264 (ALL IN)

MENU: (based on avail)
TBD. Please arrive with an open mind and palate

Tickets to events held at Platform at Pier 57 by the James Beard Foundation cover the cost of food, education and a unique dining experience. Meals are prepared by culinary masters from all regions of the United States and around the world. Unless otherwise stated, alcoholic beverages are provided on a complimentary basis and are not included in the ticket price.

~A La Cuisine