Details

(By invitation only for AI 2030 Speakers, advisors, global fellows, and Investors)
RSVP Here and approval is required: https://lu.ma/0q4lupyr
Hosted by AI 2030 during United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) Week, this exclusive, invitation-only roundtable convenes a global network of responsible AI leaders, investors, and innovators for a strategic dialogue on the future of ethical AI.
This high-level gathering brings together AI 2030 speakers, advisors, global fellows, and members of the AI 2030 Investors Circle to:
Explore the investment landscape shaping Responsible AI
Showcase pioneering AI solutions aligned with ethical standards
Strengthen cross-border collaboration to drive global impact
Featured at the event will be select Responsible AI innovators presenting breakthrough solutions addressing critical societal challenges.
Who Should Attend:
Investors, corporate leaders, policymakers, technologists, and ecosystem builders committed to advancing responsible AI at scale.
Participation is by invitation only. Space is limited.
Hosted by
AI 2030 www.ai2030.org
AI 2030 is a global initiative committed to mainstreaming Responsible AI by 2030. Through cross-sector collaboration, capacity building, and inclusive programming, AI 2030 empowers leaders, organizations, and communities to harness AI for the benefit of humanity.
FinTech4Good: www.fintech4good.co
FinTech4Good is a global innovation and investment platform that connects startups, industry leaders, and investors to co-create solutions for a better world. With a focus on sustainable finance, digital economy, and emerging technologies, FinTech4Good champions responsible innovation with global impact.
Alpha Square Group: https://alphasquaregroup.com/
Alpha Square Group is a multi-family office managing private and family capital to build enduring wealth - anchored in trust, foresight, and a global edge.
Manatt, Phelps & Phillips, LLP: https://www.manatt.com/
Manatt is a multidisciplinary, integrated national professional services firm known for quality and an extraordinary commitment to clients.We’re smashing the paradigm with a new kind of enterprise—one that provides legal services, advocacy and business strategies under one roof. After 50 years, we’re still the future of professional services firms.

***

In Partnership With
Lair East Labs: www.laireastlabs.com
Lair East Labs is a New York-based startup accelerator that empowers founders to scale their companies globally. With strong roots in both the U.S. and Asia, Lair East Labs supports entrepreneurs building transformative solutions through capital, mentorship, and strategic cross-border networks.
About 1871 https://1871.com/
​The Chicagoland Entrepreneurial Center, dba 1871 is a 501c3 organization that exists to inspire, equip, and support people from all backgrounds to build and innovate extraordinary businesses.