Join us for a live presentation with John Marchesella about Neptune Sextile Pluto in Natal Charts.

This is a pay-what-can in-person event at the New York Theosophical Society. You may also join the Zoom livestream that night for a small $5 required ticket fee. This fee is necessary to prevent Zoom bombers.

Livestream Tickets:
https://buytickets.at/bigappleastrologymeetup/1847367

Event Description:
Because Neptune Sextile Pluto is the aspect that everyone has, we often overlook its effect. Nevertheless, it’s a powerful energy of creativity, individually and collectively, and not just in the arts, but also in science, politics and social perspectives.

It’s the aspect that has evolved over a hundred years. In fact, it is still evolving because it stays in effect from the late 1930’s thru the 2030’s. And it will continue to unfold in the natal charts of those who carry it beyond then!

In addition to seeing how it changes as its travels through various signs, we will also see where it comes from in the conjunction of the late 1880’s. Seeing it through the houses of the natal horoscope will reveal how it works on the personal level. And most important, we will see it through its higher and lower octaves.

Hopefully, this will help us to understand the dynamics of the sextile aspect in general and how to work with other aspect dynamics and planetary cycles.

Who knew a sextile could be that significant?!

$$ In Person Event:
A suggested donation is $5 -$30 is very VERY much appreciated, but please know whatever you can afford is acceptable. Donations collected pay our rent, [Meetup.com](http://meetup.com/) fees, beverages and snacks, and the honorarium for John Marchesella. You may bring cash to donate on the evening of the event, or you can donate online by purchasing a livestream ticket.

$$ Livestream:
You may also join the zoom livestream that night with a small $5.85 required ticket fee. You are encouraged to donate more to John Marchesella. This fee is a precaution against trolls and zoom bombers, which occurred frequently when we shared a free zoom link on meetup.com. You may purchase and livestream ticket after the event starts and join late. E-mail Danny Larkin at DanielBLarkin@gmail.com with any questions.

Livestream Tickets:
https://buytickets.at/bigappleastrologymeetup/1847367

Recording:
If you can’t attend live, you are welcome to buy a livestream ticket to get access to the recording. The recording will be shared with all livestream ticket buyers as well as individuals who RSVP yes for the event on meetup.com. The deadline to buy the recording through the link above is 9:00pm on the day of the meetup. Email Danny Larkin at DanielBlarkin@gmail.com with any questions.

Directions:
The meetup takes place at the New York Theosophical Society, which is next door to the Quest Bookshop. You may enter through the bookshop before 7 pm (when it closes) or to the left of the bookshop after 7 pm.

Timing:
7:00pm - 7:30pm - General Q & A
7:30pm - 9:00PM – Neptune Sextile Pluto