Join me for a relaxing walk through this hidden marshy gem in the middle of the Meadowlands area. Sawmill Creek and Transco Trails (just under 4 miles) are a pair of nature trails located at the southern end of Richard DeKorte Park. These twin trails provide marvelous views of opposite sides of Kingsland Creek, an inlet of the Hackensack River and the wildlife within. They were built on drained land from Kingsland Creek with the trail several feet above water level. A great opportunity to get pictures of herons, egrets, mallard ducks, swans, eels and various types of birds.

What to bring for a Hike: WATER, Walking Shoes or Sneakers, Trekking Poles (optional), Bug Spray (!) and a Talking Point! Dress for the weather and in Light Layers. Steady rain cancels the hike. NOTE: You are responsible for bringing appropriate gear, supplies, clothing, necessary medication, EpiPen and first aid. You should review topographic maps and trail features carefully; understanding topography ( http://www.njsea.com/parks-and-trails/ ) of any hike is key to your knowing where you are, where you're going, and how to get back. DISCLAIMER - If you join us for a hike, please understand that: 1. YOU must follow instructions and safety rules, stay with the group and exercise caution at all times. 2. YOU are responsible for your own preparedness and well-being. 3. YOU will hold no one liable in case of injury or incident. You shall be solely responsible for yourself, and shall indemnity us, the hike leaders, group leaders and/or organizers, and will hold us, the hike leaders, group leaders and/or organizers, harmless from any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities costs and expenses, including any and all attorneys fees and all other costs. 4. This is an at-will event. No organizers, hike leaders or group leaders were professionally trained. Your participation in any and all events or activities will confirm that you are aware of the circumstances, rules and regulations and are willingly participating under these terms. **I can be reached via text at 917-275-7949 (on the day of hike only) if needed.
*Times are our best estimates, but can vary depending on conditions, and the size or pace of the group.