Release Your Inner Writer
Release Your Inner Writer is for anyone who feels they are a writer, wants to be a writer, or those who want to explore writing in a comfortable and supportive setting. We’ll set the stage for you to write creatively with opportunities to share with the group, or not, whatever you’re comfortable with.

Have you ever thought: “I have an interesting story, but I don’t know how to start sharing it with people”? Have you ever thought of writing a book? Do you simply want to start journaling? Every person has a story to share, and all of them are transformational for us and sometimes for others. When we write our thoughts and ideas down, we move internal content to an external device like a notebook or a laptop. By doing this we’re able to clear our heads and uncover one layer after another.

Hosted by Kathy Nutt
Kathy Nutt is a creative who uses many media and styles to convey a glimpse into her mysterious, whimsical world. Although mainly focused on the visual arts, she dabbles in the written word and is endeavoring to cultivate a consistent practice of writing, whether it be poetry, essays, short stories, or journaling.
Kathy believes a writing practice (along with any creative practice) is a beneficial way to break through the mundane and view our worlds through fresh new eyes. We may discover a breakthrough, change a pattern, or just experience catharsis. Or we may simply arrive in a place of joy. She believes the creative process is more important than the finished product and that creativity is for everyone, not just the gifted few.

CREATING CONNECTION CANADA is a network of welcoming and inclusive communities committed to sharing authentic conversation, nurturing meaningful activities, promoting holistic wellness practices, and fostering compassionate action. We are LGBTQ+ affirming. People of every walk of life, culture, faith, or tradition, participate in a myriad of connection groups, forming meaningful community within this diversity. As a result, these communities are multi-faceted - expressing the inspirations, aspirations, wisdom, practices, and blessing of all. While we encourage you to share openly, we ask that you do so in a kind and considerate manner.

As a REGISTERED NON-PROFIT charity working to bring community together through like-minded interests, we welcome and gratefully appreciate any financial support. Tax receipts are provided.
CREDIT CARD: http://donations.creatingconnection.ca
E-TRANSFER: donations@creatingconnection.ca