Which comes first: your product or your positioning? The answer largely depends on your timing and dedication to turning your vision into reality. Your positioning can also help you achieve product-market fit, and vice versa. In this session, we'll lay out a method to determine whether you're facing a product-market fit problem or a positioning problem, highlight common mistakes to avoid, and provide a systematic approach to move from market research to marketing execution in the right direction.

❯ What You'll Learn:

The Product Market Fit Problem - focusing on Cybersecurity Industry
The key metrics and methodologies
How Founders should navigate the current landscape and hit the ground running

❯ Featured Speakers:

Josh Rosenthal - Founder & CEO at CloudSploit - Customer Success leader and startup operator with 20+ years helping cybersecurity and SaaS companies grow—from first users to acquisition. He co-founded CloudSploit (acquired by Aqua Security), where he built GTM and post-sales from scratch. At Contrast Security, he drove over $15M in total influence across CS, solutions architecture, and sales engineering—supporting global enterprises with DevSecOps adoption, training, and security strategy. Since then, he's led CS and growth at multiple startups, helping technical teams land enterprise logos, improve retention, and scale sustainably. Today, he supports early-stage companies as an advisor, fractional exec, and hands-on builder—solving adoption, onboarding, and GTM challenges that block growth.

Guc Ozenci - Managing Director at Founder Institute Washington DC & Managing Partner at Connect-OP - Seasoned entrepreneur, technology professional and thriving leader with strong people skills and proven track record in connecting business needs with technology and innovation. Extensive consultative sales experience at global vendors. Co-founded a SaaS startup, raised two rounds of VC funding and recently exited by acquisition. Angel investor and advisor to multiple early stage ventures with 7x,3x and 2x markups. Mentor to social entrepreneurs, sponsor to social impact organizations.

❯ Event Partner:
A-Round | Leaders at Startups
An exclusive free community for startup leaders at funded software startups.
.
❯❯ This is a live, interactive online event, so be sure to RSVP at https://fi.co/e/378445/meetup to receive the Zoom URL to join us live!