Planning to take College Algebra in the Fall?
Are you feeling anxious or need a refresher?
Join Darren and the 'Numbers for Algebra' group! Each week, we build our numerical literacy skills vital for success in College Algebra!
Darren has been tutoring and teaching math in various formats for over 10 years. Now, he has created his own course that addresses the biggest skill gaps that he has seen in College Algebra students. The only prerequisite is some familiarity with multiplication facts and a positive attitude.

What participants are saying:
"Darren's adult classes are invaluable to me, as they demonstrate not just the mechanics of divisibility or the basic ideas but also introduce me to looking at numbers from different perspectives and really thinking deeply about them. Every class makes me more and more enthusiastic about Mathematics and Numbers.
I can safely say that this is the most valuable class on numbers that I will retain forever. Darren often demonstrates to us problem-solving techniques that are used in various disciplines such as computer science. Furthermore, it provides an amazing community of people enthusiastic about numbers."

"Darren doesn’t just teach math; he unlocks it. He has this remarkable ability to make the abstract tangible, the complex comprehensible, and, most importantly, the intimidating approachable. It's okay not to get it, to process the information slowly, to ask repeated questions, Darren responds with calm, patience with a desire to genuinely take as much time as needed, until you get it."

"What sets Darren apart is his teaching style. This isn’t the static, boring, formulaic math lecture you might expect—it’s one of the few experiences that brings some uplifting qualities in life. His guidance is mixed with curiosity, empathy, and a genuine desire to help each person how to grasp the concepts on their own terms. He creates a safe space where the math atmosphere feels less like a problem to solve and more like a mystery to unravel. This sounds crazy ( I know) but it is like being on an adventure! Instead of Netflix, or whatever people like to watch these days, I would recommend this as giving this a try. This is a journey that you get to share with other people, who participate in these classes."

"My math goal was to pass my Mathematics Elementary Educators lll Course. Working with Darren helped a great deal in achieving this goal. He helped me understand the math in a way that made a lot of sense to me. I am grateful to have had the ability to work with Darren because it really helped me CRUSH my exam for my math course. "

Worried about being behind?
While the topics do build on each other each week, we take plenty of time to review and we keep returning to the 'Most Important Thing to Know About Numbers'. Even if you missed the first few sessions, you can still .jump in and benefit right away. Every class is designed to reinforce core ideas while introducing new ways to see and work with numbers. Whether you're brushing up or starting fresh, you'll find a welcoming environment, supportive community, and practical skills that actually stick.

Don't Wait!
You CAN be successful in Math! Even if its been many years since the last time you took a math course, Numbers for Algebra will help you build the pre-Algebra skills you need!

Questions?
Connect Darren directly or join the FREE Office Hours directly beforehand!