All Professionals are welcome!
“Word-Of-Mouth” Referrals are the most effective way to grow your business!

Please join us weekly on Tuesday’s & Thursday’s at 12 p.m. for the
Business Networking Midday Power hour by Simply Referrals on ZOOM!

visit www.simplyreferrals4u.com for the events zoom information

Since 2020, Simply Referrals has hosted the MIDDAY POWER HOUR every Tuesday and Thursday at 12 pm on Zoom. Over 500 events have been held, attended by over 10,000+ people. The connections and possibilities are endless!

Zoom @ Noon!

Meet amazing business professionals and grow your business inside a network that has been helping businesses grow since 2006.
Network your business from the comfort of your own home or office!
Bring your smiles & your passion for your business!

You will successfully network your business while having a great time!
S.R. Events are set in a relaxed atmosphere perfect for networking your
business without any pressure or ultimatums!

Everyone in attendance receives 60+ seconds to speak and present
about their respective business as well as additional time to share testimonial for other members.

There is no cost to attend your first event!
Members do not pay a membership fee, nor do they sign a contract. The
only cost is a small monthly member due.

visit www.simplyreferrals4u.com for the events zoom information

* To find more business events, and for more information about Simply Referrals please visit [www.simplyreferrals4u.com ](http://www.simplyreferrals4u.com/) and be sure to watch the “Godfather” videos which will not only make you smile but will also provide you with a clear picture of what Simply Referrals is all about!

S.R. Business Networking Events are a great opportunity to gain knowledge and ideas, learn business techniques, and stay informed on current news and developments in business that ultimately will advance your career.

Hope to see you at the next event!

Steven Bellafiore
Simply Referrals Business Networking
www.simplyreferrals4u.com
***steven@simplyreferrals4u.com***
516-314-1691