Hello Fellow NYC TAOP Members

We are thrilled to announce our second collaboration with Leica NYC! This partnership is open to photographers of all skill levels and all camera brands, and brings exclusive opportunities for our group, including hands-on experiences with Leica gear, expert-led workshops, a gallery, educational programs, and special events at their NYC store. Stay tuned for inspiring projects and unforgettable moments as we explore the art of photography together!

Since this isn't a large venue, we will have to limit the number of attendees to 50 MAX. ***Please remember to change your RSVP if you decide not to attend. ***

Photo Opportunities
The shoot will focus on Architecture. Tips for photographing the Meatpacking District:
Gear: wide-angle lens (24-35mm equivalent) is great for capturing the urban landscape and street scenes.
A medium telephoto (50-85mm equivalent) can isolate details and compress perspective.
Don't forget your smartphone-it's a discreet tool for candid shots.

Inspiration from Famous Photographers:
Berenice Abbott-known for her documentation of NYC's urban landscape, Abbott captured the changing face of neighborhoods, including areas in its earlier days. her stark, documentary style emphasized the architectural forms and the city's evolving identity.
Bruce Gilden-known for his bold and up-close street photography in NYC. Gilden often captures the raw and unfiltered energy of urban life. While not exclusively focused on the Meatpacking District, his approach to capturing candid moments and the diverse characters of the city can be a powerful influence when photographing its streets.

Article & Videos to Review Before the Photo Shoot

Architectural Details
🖼️🌟 An INTIMATE Portrait: INSIDE Berenice Abbott's World 🌍⚡
WNYC Street Shots: Bruce Gilden

After this event, we will be heading out for a photo shoot. The Meatpacking District offers a dynamic backdrop for a photo shoot, blending industrial grit with modern elegance. With natural light reflecting off glass facades and the High Line adding a unique perspective, the district provides endless creative possibilities.

You can join us at Shake Shack after the photo shoot at 1:00 pm or you are welcome to go back to the Leica store if you'd like to spend more time in the gallery or learn more about the camera gear.

Meeting Location/Time/Hosts
Location: Leica is located at 406 W 13th Street, New York, NY
Time: 11:00 AM to 1:00 PM.
Hosts: David and Doug. We will meet upstairs on the second floor of the Leica store.