Calling all New Jersey techies to the NJ Code and Coffee tech community meetup at the EqualSpace ES550 Tech & Innovation campus during Newark Tech Week!

Code and Coffee is an inclusive, informal networking/co-working session for those in tech (and the tech-curious).
That includes operators, founders, and investors. Developers, data engineers, UX/UI designers, data scientists, product managers, software engineers, solution architects... all are welcome!

People of all skill and experience levels can attend, we love it that way. Many people (optionally) bring projects to work on, and many other people (optionally) socialize the entire time. It's entirely up to you!

Come grab a cup of coffee and meet new people, share stories, find collaborators, talk about everything tech, talk about everything NOT tech, take a break from job applications, get away from the computer screen, make connections, make conversation, make friends!

Agenda:
2pm: Doors open, networking starts
2:30pm: Intro circle
3pm: networking continues
5pm: event ends

The Intro Circle
Near the beginning of the event (about 2:30 pm), we will do a standup in a circle:
We first talk about organizer announcements, updates, and logistics. Then we go around the circle where each person says:

your name and job title/ role in tech/ tech stack,
What you can help others with,
What you would like help with,
Job opportunities you're hiring for OR announce that you are looking for one. If none, that's cool.

After the introduction circle, everything is self-organized.

Community Discord - come hang out before and after!:
www.codeandcoffee.chat

The Venue
Equal Space is a premium share-space created with multicultural business owners in mind, =SPACE equips founders with resources, programming and a powerful network.

Headquartered in the City of Newark, their share-space provides resources for startups, coaching for tech companies, and a wealth of intellectuals to collaborate and build with. The next wave in enterprises is being born within their walls. Become a part of the story: [EqualSpace.co/](https://equalspace.co/)