Welcome to the Writing Group! Our meetings are structured to build a broader literary community, while also providing a space for sharing work and providing constructive feedback. We balance the social aspect with a focus on encouraging members to produce more, better work, and giving both the pressure and the pleasure of having an audience to test that work out on.

Itinerary
We will be meeting at the Playhouse bar on 7th Ave. When you arrive, just walk straight down the stairs. People are welcome starting at 6 o'clock, and you can come and write, drink, and socialize until 7 when we will start readings.

At 7 o'clock we formally get together as a group to listen to readings from those looking for feedback.

We do not select readers based on order of arrival or a sign-up sheet, so if you have work until late but still want to come and read, you can!
Each reader gets five (5) minutes to read, so please select a section of work which is appropriate for that time limit.
We welcome narrative prose (fiction and non-fiction), poetry, the occasional essay, and scripts (be they for screen or stage), so long as it is writing that you're serious about. Please no ad copy, journal entries, memes, musings, idea pitches, works where performance is more critical than the writing, or other errata. Nothing AI, if that needs saying.
We'll then spend another five (5) minutes in discussion. This is time for the listeners to provide feedback on the reading and discussing the craft in general. We welcome (and encourage) constructive criticism, so long as it is done with respect. This is just as important as the reading, and is done as an open conversation not lead by the reader or the host, so no hand raising required!
We try to get to as many people who want to read as we can, so if there are a lot of attendees we will be very strict on time.

At 9 o'clock we finish readings and start our formal social hour. Meet new friends, connect with old ones, exchange longer works for review, or just let loose. Our friend, Greg, with whom we set up these Playhouse meetings, is having a birthday party in the space starting at 9, so we can celebrate and thank him for the space as well.

We ask that all attendees purchase a minimum of 2 drinks from the bar. This helps us keep a good relationship with the Playhouse, which is generously allowing us to use the space free of charge!