Come join us for a BYOB potluck with thoughtful discussion. The first time I’ll be joining this event will be March 29th, if it goes well I’ll attend regularly, probably monthly.
1st & 4th Fridays: 7:00PM-09:00PM
NYSEC Meeting House: Ceremonial Hall
All are welcome!
BYOB (no hard liquors)/Potluck
Donations Appreciated but Not Required
Donate Here via Ethical NYC to Support this Event
https://ethicalnyc.app.neoncrm.com/forms/54
+1 (212) 874-5210
info@nysec.org
https://ethical.nyc/
· Location is subject to change for special events. Check website calendars and Meetup pages for various groups for updates and changes.
· Default room is Ceremonial on the 4th Floor. Room is subject to change depending on capacity or activity. Check for any posted signs.
· Use the wheelchair ramp entrance at the Meeting House NOT the Fieldston School. Press both doorbells if the door is locked. The elevator and stairs are right there to take to the 4th floor.
Our friends at various groups are cross-posting this event. Some groups have after-parties.
RULES for In-Person Meeting:

GROUP PROMOTION: Each group may bring flyers or posters advertising membership, donations, and meetings.
DRINKING: Bring your own booze should be limited to beer and wine, no hard liquors. Everyone should drink responsibly and don't get sloshed. Save the hard drinking for the after parties in outside bars.
RESPECT FOR DIFFERENCES: While there is overlap among the groups, not every group is the same and thinks the same. Respect each other's differences and different ideologies. Look for common ground not for things to hate. We're all friends here, treat each other as such.
ARGUMENTS: Listen to each other’s opinion completely in good faith. Ask questions about other's points instead of immediately dismissing. Approach taboo subjects--such as sex, religion, and politics--with strangers cautiously; back out if getting heated. Agree to disagree and walk away if necessary.
RESPECT FOR THE MEETING HOUSE: Use appropriate trash/recycling cans and clean up after yourselves. Leave the Meeting House better than you found it. Respect the neighborhood, don't act foolishly on the streets when entering and leaving or loitering.
NO ELECTIONEERING: Due to tax restrictions for many groups being §501(c)(3) tax-exempt, do not discuss, promote, denigrate, or leave/display/hand out materials for any candidate, campaign, party, or proposition on any upcoming election. No electioneering during the event. Other activities prohibited by tax-restrictions are also not allowed.
SELF-RECOGNITION: Try to speak from your own experiences and own your intentions and impacts. Recognize your own privileges and different backgrounds.
CONFIDENTIALITY: Meetings are private despite being open to the public. Recordings are prohibited. You may share what you learned, but not direct quotes and identities.
MEETING MODERATION: The organizers, hosts, co-hosts, moderators, and discussion leaders will use various methods available to ensure compliance with the rules and maintain decorum.
Attending any meeting or event implies agreement with the above rules.