There is a lot of violence in politics right now. Israel’s war on Gaza has resulted in thousands of children and innocent civilians being killed, Russia is continuing to pound Ukraine with impunity, while the United States has experienced the return of political assassinations. The far right is no stranger to actual political violence, but Jacob Abolafia argued in a recent essay in The Point magazine (Volume 35: "What is Violence For?") that the left has been guilty of intellectualising violence in ways divorced from real politics. From seeing Hamas’ October 7th attacks as an inevitable and even justified result of Israel’s colonial oppression, to celebrating the murder of UnitedHealthcare CEO Brian Thompson by Luigi Mangione, and the gleeful reaction of some to the recent assassination of far right activist Charlie Kirk, the left can be seen to tolerate or even endorse political violence by appeals to philosophers like Franz Fanon, without fully appreciating the political consequences of such violence.

So, when is political violence justified, if ever? What alternatives are there when democratic politics and non-violent resistance fail? And is the appeal to violence restricting the left’s political vision?

About the Speaker:

Jacob Abolafia is Senior Lecturer at the Department of Philosophy at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, and an anti-occupation activist in Israel. He writes on the history of political thought and critical theory, broadly construed. Jacob has published and taught on the history of political thought from classical antiquity to the present day. His ongoing research interests include social and political philosophy from early modernity through the critical theorists, Jewish and Islamic political thought, classical philosophy, and the intersection of social and political theory. He is the author of the book The Prison Before the Panopticon: Incarceration in Ancient and Modern Political Philosophy (Harvard University Press, 2024). He is also engaged in research projects on political myths and political economy, as well as contemporary theories of rationality and society. His essay Violence and the Left was recently published in The Point magazine (Volume 35: "What is Violence For?")

The Moderator:

Alexis Papazoglou is Managing Editor of the LSE British Politics and Policy blog. He was previously senior editor for the Institute of Arts and Ideas, and a philosophy lecturer at Cambridge and Royal Holloway. His research interests lie broadly in the post-Kantian tradition, including Hegel, Nietzsche, as well as Husserl and Heidegger. In his published work he offers a critique of scientific, as well as liberal varieties of naturalism, and puts forward an interpretation of Hegel's philosophy as an alternative to them. His writing has appeared in The Guardian, The Atlantic, The New Republic, WIRED, The Independent, The Conversation, The New European, as well as Greek publications, including Kathimerini.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

This is an online conversation and audience Q&A presented by the UK-based journal The Philosopher. It is open to the public and held on Zoom. The event is free to attend but the Zoom registration page has an optional donation amount by default that you can change to zero (or whatever you wish). Donations go to The Philosopher magazine to cover our costs and expand the scope of the series.

About The Philosopher (https://www.thephilosopher1923.org/):

The Philosopher is the longest-running public philosophy journal in the UK (founded in 1923). It is published by the The Philosophical Society of England (http://www.philsoceng.uk/), a registered charity founded ten years earlier than the journal in 1913, and still running regular groups, workshops, and conferences around the UK. As of 2018, The Philosopher is edited by Newcastle-based philosopher Anthony Morgan and is published quarterly, both in print and digitally.

The journal aims to represent contemporary philosophy in all its many and constantly evolving forms, both within academia and beyond. Contributors over the years have ranged from John Dewey and G.K. Chesterton to contemporary thinkers like Christine Korsgaard, Olúfẹ́mi Táíwò, Elizabeth Anderson, Martin Hägglund, Cary Wolfe, Avital Ronell, and Adam Kotsko.