What does democracy and activism have to do with the user experience, you might ask? Certainly, the Founding Fathers did not envision the Internet, social media, and the bevy of enclaves and specialized groups that have been created and which have proliferated in recent years. As citizens, we realize that a shared understanding may be the first essential step to both leading and problem-solving.

So how can UX designers and researchers lend their skills and experience to promoting understanding, cooperation, collaboration, and the achievement of great things in the civil and political spheres? Is there a place for them in these conversations and organizations, and if so, what is that place? What are some of the possibilities and opportunities for UX designers and researchers to get involved, and to benefit, from participating in this growing area? Can we as UX professionals support democracy and democratic values in a non-partisan and professional way? Let's explore some options.

Our speaker, Chris Hawkins, will provide us with an overview of some of the ways in which UX professionals are "naturals" when it comes to the areas of civics and activism. The same UX skills and guiding principles that we use in our work as designers and researchers are the very ones needed in activist organizations of a variety of types. These include organizing participants, training others in what are thought of as both "hard" and "soft" skills, and providing guidance and leadership.

Chris will begin by presenting a brief overview of her own personal journey, and how she got to where she is today. Chris promises a short number of bullet points, leaving us with lots of time for a lively, extended question and answer session.

About Our Speaker:

Chris Hawkins is a UX Consultant who has worked in the UX field for 20 years, turning activist in 2016.

Chris currently is the founder of Voting for our Lives Indivisible, accessible via TikTok @votingforourlives, FaceBook (private) www.facebook.com/chris.hawkins.524, Instagram, Threads, BlueSky, and YouTube. See her Reel People Shorts, or the What's Your Story Playlist or Currents Playlist for a collection of stories about how folks are affected by the administration.

Her passion has always been "to advocate for a better experience." During her decades-long career, she has worked as a UX researcher and consultant for such organizations as Dun & Bradstreet, United Airlines, California DMV, Inovalon, BioRoad, Facebook Ads, California Community Services & Development, and Healthline, among others.

Chris tells us that the most important tool in her tool chest is active listening. "I was always told by my best mentors to 'listen to understand, not to respond.'"

Chris' tenure includes joining Care2.com, an environmentally and socially activist website, designing their first online petition forms. Later in her tech career, she founded three Indivisible groups, organized volunteers for various activist projects, and continues to build coalitions as a community leader, promoting civic participation and education.

Chris holds an AA degree in Computer Science, a BS in Anthropology and in Music, and an MS in HCI (Human Computer Interaction) from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) in Troy, NY.

Chris is especially focused on training and her own continuous learning, and applying the principles of eliciting objective information from users, voters, and everyday folks at the grocery store.

Meeting Agenda

7:30 - 7:45 p Welcome, announcements, job seekers/offers
7:45 - 9:00 p Speaker presentation followed by extended Q&A
9:00 pm Closing

Thank you to Professor Rupa Misra and Rutgers University for their sponsorship of this event.

Our UXPA NJ chapter is developing a sponsorship program for organizations, so that they can additionally support and assist our UXPA NJ chapter in serving our growing community. For more information about some possible ways that your organization can further support our mission, reach out to Josephine Giaimo at josephinegiaimo@gmail.com.