Chemistry Connect Mixer - Gay Men only

Location: Brookfield Place – soaring glass atrium
Date & Time: Saturday, September 27, 2025, at 11:00 AM

***We expect 30–50 gay men to attend. If less than 50 attendee sign up, the event will be postponed to the following Saturday.***

At the mixer, you will receive a name tag and 3–5 matches upon arrival. You get to CHOOSE and PURSUE whoever you want. Each match has its own difficulty level, just like any relationship:

Difficulty 5 star - Strong Attraction Chemistry
Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie
Johnny Depp and Amber Heard
Strong hate, strong love, and strong attraction.

Difficulty 4 star - Partly Transactional/Partly Chemistry
Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi
Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith
Chemistry is mutual but not in sync. They have other binding factors, conditional or unconditional.

Difficulty 3 star - Best Version of yourself Chemistry
Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra
Zilv Gudel and Kai (gay couple)
Best version of yourself guarantees a strong connection.
They see each other’s obvious inexperience and immature flaws, it can be overlooked with stronger sexual chemistry.

Difficulty 2 star - Partner in Crime Chemistry
(no celebrity reference at the moment)
Joins you in fun or mischievous activities.
Shares secrets, plans, or inside jokes with you.
Is your go-to collaborator in situations, good or bad.

Difficulty 2 star - I love myself Chemistry
David Beckham and Victoria Beckham
They are similar people and have the same objectives.
They share the same strengths, shadows, and flaws.

Difficulty 1 star - Soul Mate vibe Chemistry
Taylor Swift and Travis Kelce
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka
Naturally built-in trust in each other. A lot of support and encouragement, like best friends.

Difficulty 0 star - Fully Transactional Chemistry
RuPaul and Georges LeBar (open relationship)
Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively
No Chemistry is Chemistry. They already have enough chemistry-filled connections in life, so one can borrow that chemistry to fuel excitement, emotions, and feelings in life.

To attend this event you will be asked to provide:
• Name
• Birth month, date, and year
• Your sexual preference and your match’s preference (Top, Bottom, Vers, Side)

Everyone is welcome to join and invite a friend to participate. We are not overcrowding and getting unwanted attention in public space, participants will be paired off for dates to explore chemistry with their match.

Many people with loner personalities are expected to sign up. By showing up and participating, you give yourself the chance to change your dating outlook and love life. The biggest obstacle to finding a genuine, lasting connection is not showing up for yourself.

My name is Denim
If you have any questions or inviting a friend to participate in this mixer event.
You can message my meetup inbox
Email denimadoniasho@gmail.com
Call/text: 419-487-3413