Film Club Topic:
We choose films that address social, political or cultural issues that are relevant to society today. They may highlight liberal-leaning, conservative-leaning or independent themes, or feature actors or directors from opposite sides of the political spectrum. Note that the discussion of this film and its inclusion on the Braver Angels website does not imply promotion of the subject matter or the persons involved in the creation of the film.

Our discussion on Sept. 25th at 8:00pm ET will be about the Southeast Asian city-state of Singapore, located on a small island just off the tip of the Malay peninsula. Singapore has a strong economy, stunning architecture, is incredibly clean, and is one of the safest countries in the world. There are countless restrictive rules: no chewing gum, no smoking in the street, no jaywalking, no throwing paper on the ground, no talking on the subway. These rules are enforced by robot dogs, who patrol the streets guided by AI. It has been ruled by one party, the People’s Action Party, since 1959, and political opponents are harassed by the courts. Digital checkpoints are everywhere. We’ll talk about the trade-offs, and what lessons the U.S. can learn from this country.

Please watch this 54-minute, 2025 documentary about Singapore here on your own prior to the event, then join us at 8 pm ET on September 25 to talk about it.

Registering for the Online Event:
This is a FREE event; although you'll need to register to get the Zoom link. Go to the following link & fill out the registration form, and when you hit "register" you'll receive an email with a link to the Zoom meeting (check your Junk folder if you don't see it):
https://www.eventbrite.com/e/national-film-club-discussion-of-singapore-the-perfect-city-or-dystopia-registration-1633167781799?aff=oddtdtcreator&discount=BRAVER

Who is the Organizer for this Event?
Questions? Contact Ivan Kaisan at seamountain.m115@gmail.com

What is "Braver Angels"?
Formerly known as "Better Angels", Braver Angels is an organization founded in 2016 to depolarize American politics through grassroots organizing. They do this primarily by hosting events for cross-partisan dialogue & civil debate. To learn more, go to https://braverangels.org/