Bearcat Toastmasters (BTM) Club can help you reach your potential. BTM meets online (via Webex) until the University of Cincinnati opens the campus for regular classes. Our club is conducting virtual meetings every 1st and 3rd Thursday of the month from 12 noon to 1:00 p.m. (until further notice) during these challenging times. Anyone may join our virtual meetings via telephone conference call. Dial: 1-415-655-002 starting 11:50 a.m. to be connected and join us via audio conference. If you would like to join our "facetime" meeting via Webex, you are encouraged to send us a formal request via email (icastanedaemenaker@gmail.com) with the Subject: Guest - BTM Online Meeting - Date (xx-xx-xxxx) no later than Wednesday 12:00 noon (before every meeting date) so you can be given access to join our "facetime"meeting. As a guest, you are encouraged to listen in and participate by giving feedback about the prepared speeches, as well as participate in the Table Topics portion of the meeting. We look forward to connecting with you. Grow with Bearcat Toastmasters! If you RSVP to this "MeetUp" announcement, you can also access the Webex meeting this way. Email for more for details.

Bearcat Toastmasters Club is a diverse community and open club that chartered in 1999 and meets on the first and third Thursday noon (12 noon - 1:00 p.m.) of each month. BTM Club is a fun and supportive group interested in helping you improve your communication, public speaking, and leadership skills. The Club membership is made up of University of Cincinnati personnel, people who are currently employed (or in-between jobs) outside of the University, people looking for bigger and better opportunities and advancement, retired persons looking for leadership skills for their volunteer activities or a life re-imagined, and students looking for a competitive edge. Our Club members enjoy learning with and from each other. Join us to experience this learning process. As a new member, you will progress at your own pace in our educational programs. Soon you and others will notice and appreciate the results. Toastmasters can be your ticket to confidence and success, and BTM Club, your place to enjoy the ride. For more information, visit our website: http://bearcat.toastmastersclubs.org/