Join us for a Columbus Day travel through Vermont’s scenic Route 100, New Hampshire’s beautiful White Mountains, and the Mount Washington summit. We’ll enjoy peak foliage, charming small towns, and the famous Kancamagus Highway. We'll stay at a comfy mountain-view, heart of the White Mountains Airbnb, and take in the best of fall in New England! It's Perfect for leaf peeping, light hiking, and good company.

Schedule:

Day 1 (10/11) – Vermont's Route 100 Magic
Wind up through the heart of Vermont on scenic Route 100. Stop in charming towns for local eats and photo ops.
Day 2 and day 3 (10/12-13) – hike white Mountain and summit Mount Washington.
Explore the White Mountains with short hikes and scenic stops. Visit waterfalls, mountain vistas, and vibrant forest trails. The option is to take the Mount Washington Cog Railway to the summit.
Day 4 (10/14) – Kancamagus Highway Drive
Scenic cruise along the famous Kancamagus Highway—one of New England’s most spectacular fall foliage routes. Take short hikes and scenic stops. Loop back with another stretch of Route 100 before heading home.

Fee: $188 per person for a 3-night, 4-day stay. Payment: Venmo@Nature-and-outdoors. First-come, first-served. After you confirm your spot, you will be moved from the waitlist to the attendees list.

We will carpool together if needed, or you can give a ride; we will share the gas and tolls.

We have rented an entire home for this trip. Guests will either have a single bed, share a bed, bunk bed, or can upgrade to a private room option (limited availability). Airbnb has a full kitchen, laundry room, and 3 full bathrooms. Pots, pans, cooking spices, oil, oven with gas range stove, refrigerator/freezer, dishwasher. Keurig coffee machine, drip coffee maker, toaster, crockpot, and a variety of baking pans, wood stove with firewood provided.

This spacious vacation home with a hot tub, walking distance to lakes, boat launch, paddle boarding, biking, and hiking. The community center has: Sauna, 2 indoor pools, gym, game room, seasonal outdoor pools, pond, basketball, tennis, and more.

A few cozy ground rules to keep the good vibes flowing:
No alcohol or smoking. Quiet hours are from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m.
Be respectful and look out for one another.