You have to sign up here to get a link

This is a taster class for our Voice Acting Foundation course.
Join if you want to experience voice acting for yourself.
​
​We’ll talk you through the different worlds of voice acting (it’s not all Disney and Pixar) and the unique opportunities they hold for voice actors.

Join this free class and discover:

How to read from the page and sound like you’re not
Simple tricks to make your read more interesting
How your own voice responds to instructions and prompts
And so much more …

You will even get a chance to read a script out loud and get to improve your reading.
​
We will have a short Q&A session at the end of the class so bring any questions you might have about voice acting.

The workshop is led by voice actor Shaun Mendum.
Shaun has worked as an actor, performer, and Voice Actor for years. He
His work includes Video Games, animation, audiobooks, audio drama, documentaries, and more…
He has given talks about getting started in voice acting at Comic Con London and EGX London.
Watch Shaun talk about the workshop here

You don’t need any experience in voice acting/ acting
You don’t need to be a native English speaker
& you don’t need a fancy microphone
Just come and discover this new way to be playful and deliver a message

It’ll be great if you’re in a quiet space with no interruptions.
Ideally, a space where you feel comfortable enough to read a silly script aloud.

This 60min session is packed with interesting stuff and we will start on time.
Please arrive a few minutes early so you don’t miss anything.

You have to sign up here to get a link
RSVPing to the event on Meetup isn't enough to access the workshop (but it will be nice).
If you have any questions, please email tal@theatregym.co.uk

You won’t be there on your own!
This event is posted in a few places and announced to Theatre Gym's own community So, even if the event looks empty, please know that more people are always signed up.
Feel free to get in touch if you’re not sure about something :)
students@theatregym.co.uk