Details

Welcome to the Monthly House Cup!

This tournament will be conducted in Advanced format and newcomers of all ages and skill levels welcome!

Duel Academy has its 3 iconic houses:

Obelisk House (Blue)
Ra House (Yellow)
Slifer House (Red)

This tournament will be conducted in a round based format and your Wins and Losses are calculated as follows:

+500 points per Match Win
+250 points per Match Loss
-100 points per Surrender
+100 points per Draw

Your goal is to duel and earn points towards your score. Your points will carry over to every monthly House Cup tournament. Win or lose, the more you play, the more you earn!

Every three months we have our promotional House Cup. This means that after a certain amount of wins, you will be dueling a House Representative or House Sentinel which will have its own points system. Performance will determine whether you go up a House or go down a House. This is your chance to rank up!

Have fun dueling and earning points!

Tournament Rules:

Be respectful to other duelists. We will not allow or tolerate any form of toxic behavior.
Arrive on time! As much as we’d love to duel all day, we have a time limit for our tournaments.
No cheating of any kind! If we catch players cheating they will be removed indefinitely.
Respect the cards and handle with care. Don’t damage the cards, because you wouldn’t like it if someone else did the same to your cards.
Thievery is strictly prohibited. If we catch wind of anyone stealing cards or personal belongings, you will no longer be welcomed.
Focus on dueling. We love to have a good time and chat with our fellow friends but respect the duel and do not distract or stray away.
Respect the RSVP! If you plan to attend and do not show up then you’re wasting everyone’s time. Always make it known if you are attending or if you cannot attend.
Food and drinks are allowed but do not eat during a duel and do not make a mess!
Slow play of any kind will result in an immediate loss. We are implementing a 5 minute rule for each players turn and this includes responding to a card or effect. If the timer reaches 0 then you will automatically lose the game (not match unless it’s game 2 or 3)
If you have any questions, please consult the tournament organizer. What they say, goes.
Have fun! Enjoy the game and the presence of other duelists.

Our monthly tournament will also be open to the public for anyone to join.

NYCYDC members: Free
Guest duelists: $5 entry fee

Feel free to contact us for any questions or concerns!
IG - nycydc21
Facebook - New York City Adult Yugioh Club
Email: NYCYDC21@gmail.com