Details

On October 4 we will be back at The Town School's theater for the screening of our 19th challenge of the season! Note that no food or drink are allowed and that the theater is inside of an elementary/middle school, so please be mindful and respectful of the space and arrive promptly.

In order to keep the group going as it grows into new spaces, we are accepting donations at a suggested price of $10. Our mission to keep filmmaking free and accessible to all remains the same, so these funds go strictly towards operating costs. This donation is not required to attend, but your contributions go towards a great cause.

Submit films for Challenge 19 HERE Deadline to submit is FRIDAY, October 3rd by 11:59pm.
Challenge Rules for August 23 - October 4:

Rule 1 (Form): Voice Over
Rule 2 (Wildcard): Pick a Genre and emulate its tropes/structure/etc.

For S2C19 you have until October 4 to make a short film that utilizes at least some voice-over (get creative!) and clearly falls within a genre of your choosing.

NOTE: If these guidelines are not met there is a high probability that your film will not be shown. Short Cuts is a learning community so you MUST learn what these rules are before planning for your film. We prioritize films that are submitted on time, are 5 minutes and under, and have the director present. No generative AI films. Films screened are ultimately up to the discretion of the organizers.

***
Join us for Season 2 Challenge 19 screening at a NEW venue in Manhattan! At this event, we will screen Season 2, Challenge 19 films and announce the next challenge form and wildcard. We will provide everyone with two randomly drawn rules from a hat as guidelines for participating in the challenge. After the event, you will have ~4 weeks to create a short film. At the next meeting, you will get the opportunity to show off your film, watch what others have made, and receive the next challenge's randomly drawn rules!

Note that no experience is required, and all you need is a camera and a way to edit and upload your film.

Short Cuts is a group of independent filmmakers challenging themselves to create short films every ~4 weeks following a number of randomly drawn rules. Each meeting, filmmakers have the opportunity to show off their films and watch others, as well as draw the rules for the next film challenge. This group welcomes any experience level, from those who have never touched a camera, written a script, or acted in a film to seasoned veterans looking for a challenge.
INSTAGRAM: https://www.instagram.com/shortcutsny/
DISCORD: https://discord.gg/XQud4Hqeen
WEBSITE: https://shortcutsnyc.com