Details

Location changed back to Columbus Circle! Please read the details.

Join us for a fun, friendly $2/5 no limit holdem game. No rake actually means no rake (no time collection, jackpot drop, or house profit of any kind).

We will meet at 2pm and leave for the game location at 2:05pm. Please be on time otherwise you will have to wait for someone to come get you.

We'll have some snacks/drinks but feel free to bring your own too. Hope to see you all then!

------------ IMPORTANT INFO -------------

To prevent no-shows, we are asking all players to put down a deposit of $20. This will either count towards your buy in or pay for a dedicated dealer (tbd). Join the waitlist and send your deposit. Once your deposit is received, we will move you from the waitlist to "Going".
Please send the deposit via Venmo to @jchang_nyc (https://venmo.com/code?user_id=1282062778630144421&created=1742403184, also see the QR code in the event photos). In the description, please do not put anything related to poker or gambling, a simple emoji like 🎉 is good. Include the name you use on meetup in the description so that we know who you are.
If you can't make it to the game, let us know at least 24 hours beforehand and we will send your deposit back.
We have 10 seats total. If there are no more seats, we will refund your deposit.
The game will start on time! If you are late, we will post your blinds until you arrive.

---------------------------------------

We will meet at Le Cafe Coffee on W57th St and then take a short walk over to the game location. For new players, we may request to see your driver's license or id for everyone's safety and peace of mind, so please bring it with you.

House Rules:

Minimum buy in is $400. Maximum is $1000.
Chips will be settled with cash or Venmo.
Shuffling/dealing will rotate among players. One player will shuffle, another player will cut, and a third player will deal. So that the shuffle, cut, and deal are done by 3 separate players.
If you are not able to shuffle or deal, you can defer to another player.
Any disputes will be settled by a ruling from the host and/or cohost. If they are both involved in the hand, then disputes will be settled by a majority vote of players not involved in the hand.
Standard casino rules apply (verbal bets/calls/folds/raises are binding, throwing in 1 chip is a call, etc). If you are unsure, please ask for clarification before the game starts.
If we don't have a professional dealer, we rely on everyone to keep the game moving smoothly! If you are in a conversation, make sure you play your hand first when it is your turn. Don't hesitate to point out where the action is or remind people about the shuffling/dealing procedure.