Details

THIS IS AN AMAZING BUCKET LIST TRIP, PLEASE READ ENTIRE POST BEFORE SIGNING UP!

We are a having a private tour by Resilience Paddle Sports just for Liquid Skies members. This paddle is for experienced paddlers only with sea kayaks 14' minimum with 2 bulkheads. No SOT's, SUP's, Inflatables, Canoes etc. You must know how to assist/self rescue and be able to paddle 10 miles in a day with possible wind, boat traffic, waves and stay together in a pod.

We will paddle from Hoboken to the magnificent Statue of Liberty, Ellis Is and around the downtown area. Seeing these sites from the water in a kayak gives an entirely different perspective. You will love how special this is. Please bring radios if you have them.

Unfortunately, its a very early launch as tides wait for no one. Please get there early (no later than 6:15) to get your boat unloaded at the launch, Shipyard Marina, Pier 12, Sinatra Dr. North, Hoboken, NJ. After unloading we will park across the street at Independence Garage, (2) 12th St, Hoboken, NJ. There is a fee to park and you pay at a kiosk. We must be in the water @ 7:15 am to catch the tides.

Resilience Sports is giving us a guide, Noelle, to navigate the Battery, ferries etc for no charge, with the understanding that we will give a donation to their non-profit 501C3 that serves teaching youth on kayaks and SUPS as well as their educational program for students. They usually charge $100 pp for this tour so I'm asking everyone to please give a donation of at least $50 to Resilience Paddle Sports. You can take if off your income taxes as charity. Feel free to give more if want. Liquid Skies doesn't charge. All monies go to Resilience Paddle Sports.

Everyone starts on the waitlist, if I don't know you & you haven't paddled with us before, you must call me (845) 548-2198 to answer a few questions. No guests, everyone must sign up for themselves and all start on the waitlist. Limited to 8 persons. I need to know by Wednesday, Sept. 3, 2025 for a headcount. Any fewer than 5 and it will be a no go. If there are more than 10 interested I'll check to see how many they'll allow.

Please only sign up if you are able to join us. Don't take a spot from someone else. Thank you, and please be kind. Lets enjoy this once in a lifetime experience.

Check back the Friday before for a weather update.