Details

PLEASE make payment to VENMO: @Manahen-Sandoval, or CashApp: $ManahenSandoval : Tel.(917) 544-2423.

NO CLEATS or PLASTIC STUD SHOES. ONLY INDOOR SHOES, ARTIFICIAL TURF SHOES OR SNEAKERS. Any questions regarding shoes, please reach out to organizers.

GAME DESCRIPTION:
Our games are open to people of all levels and ages, and for people who just love a nice game of soccer. Come break a sweat, while running up and down the field with the ball, in a very laid-back and non-judgmental environment.Please, arrive 10 minutes before the game.

Game Format:
3 simultaneous games of 7v7, with 12x6 goals. There will be 6 teams on the field and we will play 3 games, 30 minutes/game. After 30 minutes we will have a short break and teams will switch to play against different team. Please check our meetup message board on Friday night or before 9:00 am on Saturday to see what team you are on. This will save us a lot of time on the field.

RULES OF THE GAME:
1-First and most important rule of the game:Have fun and enjoy the time on the field!
2-Rough play and offensive language will absolutely not be tolerated!
In plain words, no slide tackling, no pushing and no telling off.
3-No power shots allowed within 5 yards(safety first)
4-If you don't sign up for the game, do not show up. You can’t sell or transfer your RSVP.
5-If you are late for the game, you must wait until the game in progress is over to join your team.
6-Those that don't comply with these rules, will kindly be asked to leave the field so others can enjoy the game.
Any other questions regarding the rules of the game or anything else, should be directed to the organizer directly or to the assistant organizer/s! Please check our meetup Comment box on Friday night or before 9:00 am on Saturday to see what team you are on. This will save us time.

Location:
CHELSEA PARK.
Between 27th and 28th street and 10th Avenue.
Take the A,C or E subway line to 34th St;Penn Station and walk for about 8 minutes to 28th St and 10th Ave.

What to bring with you:
No exception: REMEMBER NO CLEATS. A pair of sneakers, indoor or turf shoes, shin guards (recommended) and lots of water.

Fee:
You will be asked to make payment when you RSVP. This is used to pay for: facility permits, meetup fees, goals, cones, soccer balls etc.

Refunds & Weather Policy:
Refunds will be issued if the RSVP is changed by Wednesday before 12.00PM or if the game is cancelled. The game can be cancelled if the weather conditions are severe like heavy rain, snow or thunder.

After the game we'll go to Molly Wee for a pint or two:
Molly Wee Restaurant
402 8th Ave
(30th & 8th Ave)

PARTICIPATING IN MANHATTAN-INTERNATIONAL-COED-SOCCER ACTIVITIES AGREEMENT:
I certify that I have no known medical or other conditions that could interfere with my participation in Manhattan-International-COED-Soccer activities. I also understand and accept that the practice of soccer, both indoor and outdoor, involves certain risks of physical injury. Therefore, I, individually, hereby release and discharge, Manhattan-International-COED-Soccer Organizer and Assistant Organizers from any and all claims, actions, damages, losses, liabilities, costs and expenses of any kind whatsoever, including but not limited to any claims of negligence, arising out of, resulting from, by reason of, or in connection with my participation in any of Manhattan-International-COED-Soccer programs or activities. Manhattan-International-COED-Soccer Organizer and its Assistant Organizers reserve the right to take and utilize photographs, video, or any type of recording of participating person while engaged in our or associated activities. I consent to Manhattan-International-COED-Soccer use the photograph, video, or recording of me, for advertising, promotional, or related purposes, and waive all rights to compensation and other rights which may arise as a result.I AGREE to Wear a MASK and respect SOCIAL DISTANCING with 6Ft apart while in water breaks. I will also provide my phone number for CONTACT TRACING.