Details

DATE/TIME
Saturday, October 11, 2025 from 2pm to 4:30pm

ALL WELCOME
Beginners to Professionals
All with Digital Cameras, Smartphone Cameras, Vid Cams,
even just Discerning Eyes Only

TOPIC IN BRIEF
"Spuyten Duyvil, located in the Bronx, is a charming neighborhood with a rich history and picturesque surroundings. The neighborhood's name, derived from the Dutch term "Spuitende Duivel," which translates to "spouting devil" in English, refers to the treacherous Spuyten Duyvil Creek that separates the Bronx from Manhattan. The creek, with its strong currents and swirling waters, presented a significant challenge to early settlers and ship navigators, resembling the erratic movements of a devil. The name Spuyten Duyvil stuck, becoming a distinctive identifier for the neighborhood and the nearby creek. Over the years, the neighborhood has grown and developed, but its name remains as a testament to the region's Dutch colonial past and the natural features that shaped its history."
source: https://www.cityneighborhoods.nyc/spuyten-duyvil

MEETUP LOCATION
Spuyten Duyvil - Metro North train station (at the front of the platform).
From Grand Central take the Metro North Hudson Line, Croton Harmon local train, at 1:23pm for 1:49pm arrival at Spuyten Duyvil.
NOTE: board any of front 4 rail cars; rear 2 rail cars doors don't
open at Spuyten Duyvil station
Avoid purchasing your ticket onboard the train as they are much more expensive. Either the app or ticket machines save you the extra cost.

Fares: Off-peak City Ticket is $5 (everyone qualifies);
Off-peak Reg is $7.50. Senior Reg is $5.
All travel on Saturdays, Sundays, & Holidays is Off-peak.
Our photo walk will lead us towards the NYC #1 subway which runs all the way back to Manhattan & on down to South Ferry. Also, there's an option at some point to head back to the Metro North train to return to Manhattan.

PLAN
We'll begin our photo walk at the railroad station where there is an abundance or views including the Henry Hudson Bridge, the Spuyten Duyvil Railroad Bridge, New Jersey palisades, the S.D. canal, Inwood Park across the canal, plus a few old structures. Soon we will arrive at "Villa Charlotte Bronte" apartments nestled on a hillside along the Hudson River. Further, we'll head to Henry Hudson Park, and then on to view other 100+ years old homes and churches. Our walk will eventually lead us a bit north, then east to Broadway (same as Manhattan's) where we will conclude and possibly, at the choice of any/all, stop for refreshment or head on home.

PHOTO SUGGESTIONS

Hudson River/NJ Palisades
Spuyten Duyvil train station area
Scenic Overlook
Homes over 100 years old
Henry Hudson Bridge & Park

There will be a photo album on this Meetup site following the conclusion of our Meetup event. Don't forget extra batteries & storage cards.

CONTACT
Use the specific meetup event site or ArtFrame24@gmail.com
If you need to contact me, especially during or shortly before the Meetup time, call me directly on the phone. (Number will be posted shortly before the event.)

RAIN DATE
Stay tuned for weather updates closer to the event day.
We almost always proceed with light rain. Great photos are possible in the rain.

RESTROOMS
Grand Central Terminal and all Metro North trains (1 restroom per every 2 rail cars). Towards the end of our photo walk there are restaurants and eateries with facilities.

Please be on time! Metro North trains leaving Grand Central Terminal are exact & precise with their departure times (give or take 8 seconds). Plan your trip with some extra arrival time at GCT !!

Details of this event may be added or changed at any time, so please check this page periodically. If you have questions before the event begins you can leave them in the comments section below or see contact info above.

Disclaimer: Participation in these events requires that you assume all risks associated with these activities and that the Organizers, Co-Organizers, and Event Hosts are in no way liable for any tickets/summons, loss, theft, damage, injury or illness as a result of your participation. In other words, you are attending these events at your own risk!!