Details

“Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century.” -Lewis Perelman
In this AI era, careers are built on adaptability. The most valuable skill is no longer mastery of a dedicated tool or process, it’s the ability to keep learning and to apply new knowledge in real time.
For many mid-career professionals, it’s easy to justify not taking a step back from what already works in order to try a new approach. It’s easy to postpone acquiring new skills. But the truth is, continuous upskilling is no longer optional, it’s essential. The World Economic Forum's Future of Jobs Report 2025 projects that nearly 40% of core workforce skills will shift by 2030. This isn’t a warning—it’s a golden opportunity!
The ability to learn new ways of working is proof of adaptability, resilience, and the kind of leadership teams and organizations need. Embracing continuous learning will position you as a leader who can bridge traditional Agile fundamentals with emerging AI capabilities. This session is your roadmap for building the meta-skill of “learning how to learn.” You’ll discover practical ways to overcome hesitation, build confidence, and apply AI tools and learning strategies to accelerate your growth.

Bio
Nicole Scott is an information technology leader, who’s career and expertise has evolved along with the IT landscape for 20+ years. From Waterfall to Agile, the throughline of her career has been leading and delivering on initiatives that transform raw data into actionable business insights.
She has led cross-functional teams to modernize legacy systems, build out cloud-based platforms, and implement modern data ecosystems to support generative AI use cases. With technical skills rooted in data management, data engineering, business intelligence and data science, her roles have expanded to bridge engineering with business strategy.
Nicole is an advocate for lifelong learning, and continuously seeks out opportunities to learn new things in new ways. She’s embraced the discomfort of becoming a beginner again, and again. This mindset continues to serve her as she partners with LLMs, prompting to explore new ways of creating business value, and tackling old challenges.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Agenda:

6:15 - 6:30pm ET Virtual mingle, connect to Teams
6:30 - 8:00pm ET Opening | Presentation & Discussion