Details

RSVPs open on Sunday, September 14th at 8pm.

Space is set aside for new members, first and 2nd timers, and real estate clients who land on the waiting list. If you ou are in one of these categories , feel free to email me at hankorenstein@gmail.com to request a spot. This tour is free with an optional contribution to your leader/guide.

Meeting Place
We'll meet at Central Park's Conservatory Gardens - entrance is 5th Avenue between East 104th & 105th Streets. There are restrooms in the rear of the garden by our meeting location.

Before the Tour: Consider attending El Museo del Barrio, which opens at 11am and has a pay-what-you-wish admission policy. It is located across the street from our meeting location.
https://www.elmuseo.org/plan-your-visit/

Directions by Public Transit: Closest subway station is the 103rd St. stop of the #6. Buses: The M1/2/3/4 goes downtown along 5th Ave. and up Madison if coming from downtown. M96 crosstown gets you fairly close.

Overview:
Meet at the rear of the garden by to the left of the fountain near the restrooms. Approximate walking distance is 3 miles.

After a brief exploration of Central Park's only formal gardens, we'll tour East Harlem (also known as El Barrio and Spanish Harlem), taking in street art and murals which have cultural significance. While indulging in the neighborhood history, architecture and current street life, we'll also recount the neigborhood's rich music legacy from Afro-Cuban jazz to New York Salsa, and we'll have some fun playing some pre-recorded music along the walk.

We'll stroll East 116th Street, the "Broadway" of East Harlem and end the tour with an optional lunch at Amor Cubano, located at 111th Street & 3rd Avenue. I will need a head count so be sure to indicate your interested in attending:
https://www.amorcubanonyc.com/Menu.html

Nearest subway station at the end of the tour (2 blocks away): #6 at Lexington Ave. at 110th Street.

Thank you for your cooperation.

Your organizer and guide,

Hank
hankorenstein@gmail.com
646-596-3005