Details

As many of you may recall, the first Aging 2.0 event was right here on this little meetup group back in 2012. One of our speakers, Stephen Johnston asked if he could run with the name and we were happy to help launch that very inspirational movement and brand. But that was 13 years ago and since then the industry has evolved, improved and changed names a few times, first to AgeTech and now with the related field, Longevity.

"Longevity" isn't just a fancy, not-so-new buzzword; it represents a whole new class of innovations, many of which are not that new, even ancient in many cases, that we call LongevityTech - clinical and consumer-facing ways to live longer and better. Not just vitamins, diagnostics, and wacky ideas, but clinically proven methods.

Please join us for a Longevity and AgeTech night, and even a Picnic in the Sheep's Meadow on Saturday. Bring your great ideas, interest in the space, and get to know like-minded crazy folks that also think we can do better at living longer, healthier, and better lives - and even have picnics about it.

Keynotes and A Panel of Experts:
Jonathann Kuo, MD, Founder and CEO of Extension Health, New York’s leading center for advanced longevity care, specializing in diagnostics and therapies. (Read more Below)

We expect 3-5 more speakers, stay tuned!

Please be welcome to apply to speak or judge the pitch contest (usually both) here.

Venue Hosts and new Co-Organizers Wanted
Since 2008, this group has been run by volunteers who just want the events, deep healthcare innovation engagement and conversations to exist and are willing to lend a hand to make them as great as possible. We also almost always have had venues donated by aligned organizations from the AHA to ZocDoc. If you want to get involved in the world's largest Healthcare Innovation Meetup, please reach out. Please email us if you want to help us with this event and many more!

Clinically Validated Pitches Please
If you want to pitch your LongevityTech Startup please either load your project up on MedStartr (recommended) or hit the easy (but less useful) button and apply here.

This was Steve's Idea
This event is in partnership with Steve Wardell of Digital Health Investor Talk, a podcast, and Wardell Advisors, whom we have known and collaborated with since 2014 - in fact, that episode we linked to on Spotify is the two of us talking about fundraising for digital health with the help of large, engaged audiences. You can register for this event either here or on the page he set up. We expect about 100 people, although note that not all register here.

Ticket Pricing and Refunds
You can buy a ticket here. We will increase prices as the event fills up, so in a few days, usually when they go up to $30. This pays for food and bev if the venue is donated by a sponsor, or just some light snacks if we have to do it at a place that gives us space because they know people will buy drinks - hence why we usually go with donated venues. We will keep you posted, but for now, we are only planning on buying Apps with your ticket price. We give refunds if you tell us well before or we cancel or move the event and you can't make it. They aren't automated, though, so make sure you tell us.

Thank you for all you do for healthcare innovation!