Details

--- Please note the change in time ---

We're a group of people who will start by hitting the ball around for the first 20 minutes and then will break up into multiple teams by 1:30 p.m. for two or three hours of play.

Depending on numbers, we'll likely have four teams of five (some may have six, seven or more and would just have those additional players rotate into play). To determine teams, everyone will stand in a line and be randomly given a number one through four. Games will be to 10 points. Winner stays on (unless a team has won five straight).

We'll be heading outdoors to the hard court in Leonia off Overpeck County Pk Driveway in the Overpeck County Park.

*** After playing, we'll be likely heading to Tropical Juice Bar, an idea of regular attendee Kate, for a drink and snack. It's located at 60 River St. in Hackensack. Feel free to join us or suggest another spot for a post-volleyball hangout. ***

There's no fee to play volleyball and nothing else you need to do besides show up. Come anytime!! All are welcome!!! We're not in a league and are not here to analyze your form. We're more for people who haven't played in months, maybe years, and just want to occasionally play again and hang out.

Directions: You can Google "Volleyball Court in Leonia" and it should come up. Or type 41 Willow Tree Road, Leonia, NJ 07605 into your GPS, but note that it's not on Willow Tree Road, just near it. Instead, turn onto Overpeck County Pk Driveway off Fort Lee Road (Degraw Avenue). It is past the tennis courts and near a basketball court and track. You can try Googling Leonia High School as well. That should help you find it.

We don't have the court reserved and if it happens to be taken, we may play with those already occupying it or we will try to relocate on the fly. It's certainly possible that we may have to cancel that day if we can't find a suitable spot. Please keep that in mind. And if it's looking like it'll rain or snow, I'll make a call on whether to cancel around an hour ahead of time.

Please bring a ball and net if you have them for possible use during the game. Feel free to bring a speaker for music, or snacks and drinks for consumption during play.

If you have trouble finding the court or group, you can call or text me at 201-234-9609. There is plenty of parking and an open bathroom at the park.

Hope you'll join us for our 15th volleyball event. Questions or comments? You can message Andy Milone on Meetup, or call/text him at 201-234-9609.

Check out bowling, soccer, volleyball, tennis or one of our other activities at: www.meetup.com/north-jersey-bowling-soccer-volleyball