Code and Coffee is an inclusive, informal co-working session. People of all skill levels attend, and we love it that way. Many people (optionally) bring projects to work on, and many other people (optionally) socialize the entire time. It's entirely up to you!

The Intro Circle
Near the beginning of the event (2:30 pm), we do a standup in a circle:

We first share organizer announcements, updates, and logistics

Introductions (7 secs max):

Your name
Tech/coding topic(s) you want to talk about
Non-tech topic(s) you want to talk about
Job opportunities you're hiring for OR announce that you are looking for one. If none, that's cool.

After the introduction circle, everything is self-organized. We sometimes have FEATURES in a nearby room; check out those events on Meetup as well.
Doors close at 4:00pm. Please keep us updated in the comments if you're intending to show up late, as we want to ensure our venue hosts are able to clean up in time to get out by 5pm and enjoy their weekends.

🧑‍🤝‍🧑 Community Discord - come hang out before and after!:
www.codeandcoffee.chat
Our Venue Sponsor:
Pursuit's mission is to create economic transformation. By training low-income adults to launch and advance their tech careers, we help our Fellows go from earning $18,000 to over $90,000 starting salary on average, adding an estimated $2M in lifetime earnings. Pursuit partners with leading companies like Blackstone, USV, Citi, Peloton, and Uber to employ Fellows in career-defining roles and supports them with on-the-job training to ensure potential translates to performance.
***

Frequently Asked Questions
Q: I can't make it to the event and I've already RSVP'd - how can I ensure another person gets this spot and I don't get banned?
Un-RSVP by clicking "Edit RSVP" before the start of the event.

Q: I got on the "Waitlist" can I still come?
Yes! But only 30 minutes after the doors open. For example if the start time is 3 pm, you can enter at or after 3:30 pm.

Q: I got banned for No Show. How do I get unbanned?
You'll be given an email and instructions to appeal in your ban message. If you didn't email the steve@codeandcoffee.org