Details

## Details

Welcome to Bromptoberfest 2025! This year marks my 100th ride as a leader in the Brompton community. We are bringing back the tradition of celebrating Brompton's and Oktoberfest as only BromptonNYC can do. Join us on Saturday, October 11th, for a day filled with camaraderie, cycling, and fun. Whether you're a seasoned Brompton enthusiast or new to our community, this is an event you won't want to miss.

There is 1 route with 3 starting points to suit all riders! Please choose the appropriate route for you based on your comfort with the distance.
See the routes and starting points at this link: https://ridewithgps.com/routes/47079440
Das Marathon, 23 Miles: Our most challenging route, perfect for those who crave a long ride to build their appetite. This route will take you through Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens, covering scenic views and iconic landmarks. You'll start early to make the most of the day.

Start Location: Jane’s Carousel @ Brooklyn Waterfront Park
Gather: 10:00 AM
Departure: 10:15 AM

Biergarten Blitz, 17 Miles: This 17-mile journey offers a balanced mix of cycling and socializing. You'll traverse Manhattan and Queens, with plenty of opportunities to chat and enjoy the sights along the way.

Start Location: The Maine Monument @ Central Park West & 59th St
Gather: 11:00 AM
Departure: 11:30 AM

Wurst Weg, 5 Miles: Perfect for beginners or those looking for a shorter ride, this 5-mile route will take you through a scenic path in Queens, ensuring you arrive at our final destination with plenty of energy left.

Start Location: Queens Bridge Park Public Restrooms
Gather: 12:00 PM
Departure: 12:30 PM

Arrival at Max Bratwurst und Bier ~1:30pm
The ride will conclude at our beloved Max Bratwurst Und Bier in Queens at Here, you can safely store your bike and enjoy a festive atmosphere with delicious German food and drinks. Plus, we have the following games to play for prizes!

Standby for updates and possible route changes.

Please ensure you read the description of the event to decide which route is suitable for you.

The Venue-Max Bratwurst Und Bier
Included with your RSVP for $30:

0.5L Beer and Brat Special or Vegetarian Options
Entry to the Mug Holding Contest
Entry to the Fastest Fold Contest

The fee can be paid directly to the restaurant where a ticket will be handed out for your order. For those that do not want to locked into the package deal, can simply order at request at Maxs. The menu has a variety of delicious food to suit any palate and dietary restrictions.

Safety
Helmets are required! Lights are highly recommended. In the event you have had too much to drink, there are train stations nearby as well as easy access to taxis and ride shares. This event will happen rain or shine and will be postponed in the event of severe weather. Please respect each other and observe your surroundings. Ride safe.

By RSVP, this is a commitment for attending. If you cannot attend, you must cancel your RSVP! This is essential as the restaurant will arrange food and staffing to accommodate our group. Also not fair to those who are on a waitlist that want to partake.

Conclusion
Thank You to everyone in the Brompton Universe who have ridden with me at every step of this decade long journey. Looking forward to 100 and beyond. Lets ride! Lets drink! Lets have fun!

BY ATTENDING this event you ACKNOWLEDGE and ACCEPT the following:

I ACKNOWLEDGE, agree, and represent that I understand the nature of bicycling activities and that I am qualified, in good health, and in proper physical condition to participate in such activity. I further acknowledge that the ride-out will be conducted over public pavements and facilities open to the public, and upon which the hazards of traveling are to be expected. I further agree and warrant that if, at any time, I believe conditions to be unsafe, I will immediately discontinue further participation.
I FULLY UNDERSTAND that (a) BICYCLING ACTIVITIES INVOLVE RISKS AND DANGERS OF SERIOUS BODILY INJURY, INCLUDING PERMANENT DISABILITY, PARALYSIS AND DEATH ("Risks"); (b) these Risks and dangers may be caused by my own actions or inactions, the actions or inactions of others participating in the ride-out, the conditions in which the ride-out takes place, or the negligence of others; (c) there may be OTHER RISKS AND SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC LOSSES either not known to me or not readily foreseeable at this time; and I FULLY ACCEPT AND ASSUME ALL SUCH RISKS AND ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOSSES, COSTS, AND DAMAGES I may incur as a result of my participation; (d) I acknowledge that Brompton Bicycle, event organizers, ride leaders, and volunteers will not be liable for any accidents or damages through this ride-out.
PHOTO RELEASE: I CONSENT to my voice, name, and/or likeness being used, without compensation, in any and all media, whether now known or hereafter devised, for eternity, and release Brompton Bicycle, its successors, assigns and licensees from any liability whatsoever of any nature.

DO NOT REGISTER FOR THIS EVENT IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE SUBJECT TO THE FOREGOING.