Details

Come out and join us for the FINAL GAME of this season!

Two changes to the game:
NEW FEES: $10/game, 12-game payment cap on the season (meaning game 13 onward are FREE). Season passes are $120.
Why? Because the Parks Dept doubled the permit fees for this year.
NEW PAYMENT REQUIREMENT: You MUST pay prior to the first pitch of the game. Whether it's the day before, morning of, or when you arrive at the field doesn't matter. If you pay before you arrive at the field and we're rained out, I will refund or hold your payment for the next game (your choice). If you pay before and then no-show or late cancel, you forfeit your payment.
Why? Because on average, 3 people did not pay each week last summer.
Most questions you have can be answered in the group description on the main page.
GENERAL RULES:
This is a competitive but friendly game. There are no arguing calls and if there is debate on a play I'll make the final ruling. Be supportive of your teammates. We are here to play softball, have fun, and make new friends.
Generally, we play with a three-swing rule. The batter starts with a 0-0 count, and your third swing, even if it is foul, is considered an out. On the off chance we have someone acting as umpire, we will call balls and strikes and then a third swing foul is not an out (unless it is caught in the air).
No taking leads. No stealing. Slide at your own risk (not advisable considering the condition of the fields) and be mindful of who is covering the bases if you do slide.
There's a fence behind 3b so the ball is in play if it hits the fence. If the ball goes over the fence or rolls behind the backstop behind home plate it is a "dead" ball and runners advance one base. A long overthrow of 1b results in a "dead" ball and runners get one base. A ball hit into the trees deep in the OF is "live."
Unless someone wants to play catcher the entire game, the position will be rotated amongst all team members equally. Same goes for pitching.
Warm-ups typically start around 3:40pm if the field is open. Arriving early allows us to get maximum game time in. The game will begin promptly at 4pm so we can get two complete 7-inning games in.
LATE CANCELS AND NO SHOWS:
The game sign-up is capped to ensure everyone gets enough playing time. I understand life happens, but please do your best to cancel your RSVP before 4pm on Friday (reminders are sent out Friday AM). If you cancel after 4pm on Friday, or simply no show to the game, it will be noted, and repeat offenders run the risk of being removed from the league. If someone cancels late and you are moved up from the waitlist last minute, it will not count against you. If you pay in advance of arriving at the field and you no show/late cancel, you forfeit your payment.
LOCATION:
Our games take place on the Great Lawn which is almost the exact center of Central Park. The nearest entrances are on 86th street on either side. The website shows the correct location of the field. Field 7 is on the northern end of the Great Lawn, on the other side of the oval path that circles the main part of the Great Lawn.
FEES:
$10/game, 12 game payment cap (max payment for the season is $120)
How to Pay (PAYMENT IS REQUIRED BEFORE THE GAME STARTS. Pay either at the field or electronically the day before/morning of):
Cash at the field
PayPal: kpicinich@gmail.com
Venmo: Kadi-Picinich (last four digits 6513)
Zelle/CashApp: DM for details