In order to attend this workshop, you must pre-register using this link.
RSVPing on meetup.com will not grant you access to this workshop.

Do you find it difficult to uncover good employment opportunities on online job boards?

Are you struggling to find good employment opportunities through online job boards? You’re not alone. While job boards can be a valuable resource, many of the best opportunities lie within the hidden job market—a realm of unadvertised positions that often go to those that nurture professional relationships.

This session is designed to empower job seekers with actionable strategies to uncover these hidden opportunities. You’ll learn how to create a strategic networking action plan to build and expand your connections, meet new people, and establish meaningful professional relationships. From conducting effective informational interviews to tapping into insider information about job openings, this workshop will provide you with the tools you need to navigate the hidden job market confidently.

Whether you’re just entering the workforce, exploring a career change, or looking to advance in your current field, networking is an essential skill for success. This session will help you go beyond the limitations of job postings and take control of your job search by opening doors to new opportunities and creating lasting professional relationships.

By attending, you’ll gain valuable insights into:
· Identifying and tapping into the hidden job market.
· Building a robust professional network.
· Mastering the art of informational interviews to uncover insider tips.
· Developing strategies to build and nurture meaningful connections.

Don’t let your ideal job remain hidden. Join us for this engaging and interactive workshop to discover how networking can be the key to unlocking your next career opportunity.

Register today and start building the connections that will lead you to success!

This session will wrap up with a 30-minute Q&A and an opportunity to book a one-on-one appointment with an Employment Counsellor. (Limited spots available!)

This workshop is available as an online, live-streaming webinar and is presented in English.

Pre-registration is required.

In order to attend this workshop, you must pre-register using this link.
RSVPing on meetup.com will not grant you access to this workshop.

This workshop is available as an online, live-streaming webinar.

Once you have registered, you will receive an email with instructions on how to log on a few hours before the start time of the workshop. Please check your Spam/Junk folder if you have not received your email with instructions one hour before the start time of the workshop.