In order to attend this workshop, you must pre-register using this link.
RSVPing on meetup.com will not grant you access to this workshop.

Navigating job interviews can be challenging, no matter your experience level. The pressure to make a lasting impression on a potential employer can feel nerve-wracking, especially when competition is fierce. However, with the right preparation and mindset, you can confidently turn interviews into opportunities to shine and land the job you want.

We will look at the STAR method, a proven technique for answering both behavioral and competency-based interview questions in a structured, focused way that highlights your competencies across technical, hard, and soft skills, while bringing real examples of your strengths and problem-solving abilities to life.

This 90-minute session is designed to equip you with essential strategies to help you prepare effectively, speak directly to the job description and company needs, and articulate your experience, skills, and accomplishments with clarity and relevance.

Whether you’re preparing for your first interview, transitioning into a new field, or seeking advancement in your career, this session will help you:
· Be prepared and focused
· Learn to clearly and effectively share your professional achievements
· Increase confidence by harnessing the STAR method
· Immediately highlight success and value
· Make a strong and lasting impression on potential employers.

This workshop is not just about answering questions—it’s about building your confidence, presenting yourself authentically, and showcasing the value you bring to any role.

Register now and take the next step toward interview success!

This session will wrap up with a 30-minute Q&A and an opportunity to book a one-on-one appointment with an Employment Counsellor. (Limited spots available!)

This workshop is available as an online, live-streaming webinar and is presented in English.

In order to attend this workshop, you must pre-register using this link.
RSVPing on meetup.com will not grant you access to this workshop.

Once you have registered, you will receive an email with our office location.
Please check your Spam/Junk folder if you have not received your email.