Dave Prior will join the DC Lean + Agile Meetup on Wednesday, October 8th at 12pm ET.

Topic:
If they were creating a trailer for a movie about the dystopian world of work we all live in right now, you would be Jack Bauer tied to a chair, beaten half to death.

...and here’s the best part - No one is coming to save you…

“Dammit!”

Are you feeling the strain of a professional world that's gone from complex to chaotic? The old playbook for navigating change no longer applies. As the challenges we face become less about Volatility, Uncertainty, Complexity, and Ambiguity (VUCA) and more about a Brittle, Anxious, Nonlinear, Incomprehensible (BANI) reality, it's time to carve your own way forward.

In this talk, I'll share practical, experiment-based tools from the book "No One Is Coming to Save You." We'll dive into a proven method for designing your own personal and professional "power-ups" to not only survive but thrive.

What you'll learn to do:
• Apply systems thinking to optimize your capacity to show up and be of service to others.
• Strengthen your emotional intelligence, a critical skill in an increasingly AI-dominant world.
• Design and run real-world experiments to adapt, grow, and surf the chaos of daily work.
• Embrace personal agency and become the proactive force your team needs.

This session will equip you with the mindset and tools to navigate today’s world of work, where your ability to take action is your greatest asset.

About our Speaker:

J. David Prior (Dave) is the Chief Experience Officer for The Agile Network. With deep experience in both traditional project management and agile methodologies, he has been helping people find better ways to manage their work for over 25 years. Dave's expertise is reflected in his work as an Agile Coach and Certified Scrum Trainer for the Scrum Alliance. A long-time voice in the industry, his podcasts, including DrunkenPM Radio, have been listened to over 1,000,000 times. He is also the co-author of the book, No One is Coming to Save You.

Connect with Dave and explore his work at his Linktree: https://linktr.ee/mrsungo, or listen to his podcast at https://soundcloud.com/drunkenpmradio.